ENH add pos_label to confusion_matrix (#26839)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  ``**score_params`` which are passed to the underlying scorer.
  :pr:`26525` by :user:`Omar Salman <OmarManzoor>`.

:mod:`sklearn.metrics`
......................

> - |Enhancement| |Fix| add a `pos_label` to :func:`metrics.confusion_matrix`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| |Fix| Added a `pos_label` to :func:`metrics.confusion_matrix`
```

  avoiding ambiguity regarding the position of the positive class label in the

>   matrix. An error is raised if the positive label cannot be set to `1`. An
>   error is also raised if the `pos_label` is set on other classification
>   problem than binary. `pos_label` is also added to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  matrix. An error is raised if the positive label cannot be set to `1` and
  also if the `pos_label` is set on other classification
  problems than binary. `pos_label` is also added to
```
